README.md, before:

# ReddyRohith's Portfolio

Welcome to my professional portfolio on GitHub. This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio webpage, showcasing my skills, projects, and experiences in the field of web development.

## About the Portfolio
This portfolio is a reflection of my journey as a seeker of tech skills. It includes:

## Home (Introduction)
I'm a passionate developer with a keen interest in building user-centric web applications. I aim to create impactful solutions through code.

## Education
I am currently pursuing a degree in B.Tech from MITS, where I am delving into Computer Science & Engineering.

## Skills
My technical toolkit includes languages and frameworks like C, C++, Java, Python, React, Node, Express, etc. I'm always eager to learn.

## Projects
To be added very soon.

## Contact Details
I'm open to opportunities and collaborations. Feel free to reach out to me at e.reddyrohith2004@gmail.com, connect with me on LinkedIn, or follow me on Instagram.

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript


## Setup

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/ReddyRohith-E/My_Portfolio.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd My_Portfolio

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Start the development server
$ npm start
```

Make sure you have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. You can download them from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).

## View Live

You can view the live version of my portfolio [here](https://rohith-pavilion.netlify.app/).

Commit message:

Update project section in README.md to highlight notable projects and skills

README.md, after:

# ReddyRohith's Portfolio

Welcome to my professional portfolio on GitHub. This repository contains the source code for my personal portfolio webpage, showcasing my skills, projects, and experiences in the field of web development.

## About the Portfolio
This portfolio is a reflection of my journey as a seeker of tech skills. It includes:

## Home (Introduction)
I'm a passionate developer with a keen interest in building user-centric web applications. I aim to create impactful solutions through code.

## Education
I am currently pursuing a degree in B.Tech from MITS, where I am delving into Computer Science & Engineering.

## Skills
My technical toolkit includes languages and frameworks like C, C++, Java, Python, React, Node, Express, etc. I'm always eager to learn.

## Projects
This section highlights some of my notable projects, including web applications and software solutions that demonstrate my coding abilities and problem-solving skills.

## Contact Details
I'm open to opportunities and collaborations. Feel free to reach out to me at e.reddyrohith2004@gmail.com, connect with me on LinkedIn, or follow me on Instagram.

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript


## Setup

To clone and run this application, you'll need Git installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
$ git clone https://github.com/ReddyRohith-E/My_Portfolio.git

# Go into the repository
$ cd My_Portfolio

# Install dependencies
$ npm install

# Start the development server
$ npm start
```

Make sure you have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. You can download them from [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/).

## View Live

You can view the live version of my portfolio [here](https://rohith-pavilion.netlify.app/).
